abstract-contracts.rst: Clarify when a contract may or must be marked abstract (#12873)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/abstract-contracts.rst

Abstract Contracts
******************

> Contracts must be marked as abstract when at least one of their functions is not implemented or when
> their constructors (or declarations) do not provide arguments for all of their base contract constructors.

Reviewer: By "or declarations" I assume you mean the inheritance list? I don't think this is the best way to word it - the first thing that comes to mind for me were the state variable declarations. I'd omit that detail. Or you could link to https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/contracts.html#arguments-for-base-constructors if you think this requires that detail.
```suggestion
Contracts must be marked as abstract when at least one of their functions is not implemented or when
they do not provide arguments for all of their base contract constructors.
```

Author: In general the docs don't do a great job of using strictly defined words for things like "declaration" vs "definition" and what I meant here is the declaration of the contract itself (as in ``contract foo is bar ...`` vs ``contract foo is bar(1)...``

Reviewer: That's all the more reason not to use the somewhat ambiguous "declaration" here. If you really want to have it here I'd suggest "inheritance list". But I still think that just not going into that detail here is the best option. We have a whole separate section on the topic.

> A contract may be marked abstract even if it must not be marked abstract, such as when you do not intend

Reviewer: Isn't this contradictory? I.e. "must not be marked abstract" = "may never be marked abstract" in this context? How about this?
```suggestion
Even if this is not the case, a contract may still be marked abstract, such as when you do not intend
```

Author: I'm used to RFC's etc where the words MAY and MUST are often capitalized and have very specific meanings. Something "may" be a certain way, even when it "must" not be that way. Your suggestion is totally fine, but perhaps it's enough to just changedthe word "marked" to "declared" in my original ... and/or in yours.

From a workflow perspective, I'm not sure if it's up to me to make suggested changes to my PRs and then resubmit them?? Or will you just make the change and accept it??

Reviewer: > I'm used to RFC's etc where the words MAY and MUST are often capitalized and have very specific meanings. 

To be honest, the problem of these docs that they're a mix between high-level user guide and a low-level language spec. At least as it is now, I don't really see the strict use as in RFCs fitting there. I think it's good to remove ambiguities, but it should also read well in plain English.

By the way, there's an ongoing initiative to create a more rigorous language spec. See #12739.

> Something "may" be a certain way, even when it "must" not be that way. Your suggestion is totally fine, but perhaps it's enough to just changedthe word "marked" to "declared" in my original ... and/or in yours.

My problem with your version was really the conflict between "may" and "must" here and I'm not sure how the "marked"/"declared" change would help with that. I.e. it was written as if you meant "not(must(be marked abstract))" but I read it as "must(not(be marked abstract))" and I think this is the usual interpretation of "must not" in English.

> From a workflow perspective, I'm not sure if it's up to me to make suggested changes to my PRs and then resubmit them?? Or will you just make the change and accept it??

Not sure I fully understand the question, are you asking about the suggested edits I added in my comments? It's up to you to incorporate them or not. You can just take them directly, rewrite them your way or just ignore them if you think they make no sense. We can discuss them until all the threads here are resolved. Then we can approve and merge the PR. The new changes can be in new commits if that's more convenient to you but the commits will need to be squashed before the PR is merged anyway.

By the way, it would be best to mark these comment threads as resolved only once both the change and the discussion is  fully resolved. I.e. if it's a simple change with no further discussion needed, it's fine to resolve them. If not, as is the case in this one, it's also fine to keep them open so that reviewer can spot them.

Author: Oh!  I see the confusion that my text may create now.

> for the contract to be created directly. Abstract contracts are similar to :ref:`Interfaces` but an

Reviewer: I think the `:ref:` ID must match the case of the anchor, which is defined as
```rst
.. _interfaces:
```
so this should be:
```suggestion
for the contract to be created directly. Abstract contracts are similar to :ref:`interfaces` but an
```

Author: ok thanks. I just haven't found the time to read up on the markup language being used in order to figure out exactly how :ref: works :)

Reviewer: When in doubt, you take a look at the rendered version, which should let you spot problems with links or formatting.

You can find the rendered version attached as an artifact to the `b_docs` CI job (look at the list of CI jobs at the bottom of the PR). For example the artifacts of the most recent run of this job are here: [1025753](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/ethereum/solidity/23355/workflows/f05b1119-afb8-4ba1-90f9-f8ae8c41c3c4/jobs/1025753/artifacts). `docs-html/contracts.html` is the document where you can find the content your currently editing.

> interface is more limited in what it can declare.

Reviewer: I think it's a good practice to break the line at the dot whenever possible. Makes for less rewrapping when the text is later updated and in the rendered version line breaks are removed anyway.
```suggestion
for the contract to be created directly.
Abstract contracts are similar to :ref:`Interfaces` but an interface is more limited in what it can declare.
```

Reviewer: I'm marking this unresolved since it looks like it has not been changed in the code yet and you did not comment anything here.

To be clear, it's fine to disagree and not change this if you think this is not a good change, but please at least leave a comment saying why :)
